Release notes for 9.3.4 (#19042)
elastic/logstash: docs/release-notes/index.md

% ### Fixes [logstash-next-fixes]
% *

## 9.3.4 [logstash-9.3.4-release-notes]

### Updates to dependencies [logstash-9.3.4-dependencies]

* Updated Log4j to 2.25.4 [#18991](https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/18991)

### Features and enhancements [logstash-9.3.4-features-enhancements]

* Improved dead letter queue performance during flush operations [#18874](https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/18874)
* Optimized DLQ segment directory scans with single-pass logic, saving ~40% CPU on segment file lookup operations [#18970](https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/18970)

### Plugins [logstash-plugin-9.3.4-changes]

**Kafka Integration - 11.8.8**

> * Fix `sasl_jaas_config` output configuration [#247](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-kafka/pull/247)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix a regression introduced in 11.8.5 that prevented the Kafka Output plugin from being configured with `sasl_jaas_config` https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-kafka/pull/247[#247]
```
